brand Netlix 

Section Plan: 
- Header (Netflix log on left hand centered) + (language drop down and sign in button on right hand centered horizontally with inline block to eachother)
- Hero section (backlground as a grid style layout of move/show titles in a faded filter way) + (large bubble almost letteting saying "Unlimited movies, TV shows, and more) (with a <p> fine print style wording centered underneath "Starts at $7.99. Cancel Anytime") + (smaller not bubble style font centered under the last thing saying " Ready to wacth? Enter your email to create or restart your membership" with a input box with a kinda sharp but rounded edge with placeholder text of "Email address" and a bigger font size button that says "Get Started" with a ">" arrow styled as a redbackground color and white font color) 

- bottom of hero image is rounded inwards from the bottom left and right corners
- another small interactive section that has a box icon of a popcord box with popcord and a star on the popcorn box as the logo to the right of a box that says "The Netflix you love for just $7.99." with small print underneath saying "Get our most affordable, ad-supported plan. with a far right of container button that says"Learn More" with a grey background with white letter. This section has a slght gradient background with a purple starting from left to right but about a 1/4 to the right of this container it turns to a deep blue.

- Next under that is a section with a title that says "Trending Now" and has a row slider of different popular titles with a ">" button controller to make it scroll horizontally.

- now has row styled rounded edge boxes that has title of "More Reasons to Join" with from left to right "Enjoy on your TV: Watch on Smart TVs, Playstation, Xbox, Chromecast, Apple TV, Blu-ray players, and more." with a monitor icon in the bottom right. then "Download your shows to watch offline
Save your favorites easily and always have something to watch." then "Watch everywhere
Stream unlimited movies and TV shows on your phone, tablet, laptop, and TV." then Create profiles for kids
Send kids on adventures with their favorite characters in a space made just for them — free with your membership.

- now has centered and vertically aligned drop buttons with a "+" icon as the controller to pop open a box for each of these:
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Netflix?


How much does Netflix cost?
Where can I watch?


How do I cancel?
What can I watch on Netflix?
Is Netflix good for kids?

- Then another input section like the one up at the top: 
Ready to watch? Enter your email to create or restart your membership.

- then footer info all as links
Questions? Call 1-866-952-4456

FAQ
Help Center
Account
Netflix House
Media Center
Investor Relations
Jobs
Netflix Shop
Redeem Gift Cards
Buy Gift Cards
Ways to Watch
Terms of Use
Privacy
Cookie Preferences
Corporate Information
Contact Us
Speed Test
Legal Notices
Only on Netflix
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Ad Choices
Select Language

English
This page is protected by Google reCAPTCHA to ensure you're not a bot. Learn more.